Hi AHN! I replied to some post last week with an in-depth dropship how-to and got a few requests to move my comment to its own post, so here it is:

So I'm not a guru or anything, but I do make a substantial income through dropshipping, so if you're really interested here's how I opened a store on March 10th start to finish:

BACKGROUND INFORMATION
Aliexpress is great for testing items. But it's not sustainable. Aliexpress suppliers are dropshippers themselves. On top of that, there are often 2-3 layers of dropshippers before it even reaches an aliexpress "store". This is why processing times are so long. When you order, the supplier orders from their supplier, etc.
If it does take off, then hire a sourcing agent or firm in China. They will source the product from the manufacturer if you're lucky, but often is a close sub-distributor. The price of the item is usually 40% less, but COGS remains marginally lower because of buying and shipping fees. However, you get much more control over inventory, shipping times, returns, etc. You also have drastically lower processing times (1-2 days) instead of 7 days. Also, if customers order more than one item, they all get shipped together, rather than from 3 different aliexpress suppliers. This becomes a big deal with payment processors, they will introduce holds on funds up to 180 days if they notice multiple shipping addresses very often.

Been running an agency for a while but decided to start some dropship shopify stores at the beginning of the year. I have about 6 running including the most recent new one geared towards electronic cleaning supplies (xaomi roomba, phone sanitizers, etc), that went live March 10th.
STARTING BUDGETS
A lot of people will get into dropshipping thinking it's a good way to make money if you're struggling. I'm not saying it's impossible, but I will be 100% honest - in my opinion, it's really fucking hard without at least $100/day marketing spend ready to go. Also, for new stores, if you're scaling, lots of funds are put on hold, often 7-21 days. There is currently 40k in holds in PayPal from the new store. Business lines of credit are necessary if you're not liquid enough to scale. It's a serious commitment. So yes, it does only technically take $150-200 to start a store, but for any real traffic, you need to be ready to spend on ads and front orders. Cash flow will become a major issue not only for your store but for your life if you're not careful. Just like any other side hustle, make sure you have the income and safety net to give it 100%.

FULL WALKTHROUGH
The first thing was to find a flagship product to build the store around. For all my stores, I always pick 1-3 flagship products and create catchy branded names for them. These are the products I will be running ads on. Products with reviews are great because you can easily import those reviews to your site, including the photo reviews. After, I add about 5-10 ancillary products with non-branded names.

Based on the products/niche you chose, create a brand, brand assets, and ad creatives. I used No Limit Creatives, since I've been using them for my agency for over a year now. They're great, highly recommend, pricing is easily scalable.
Not going to go into a massive shopify course here but you can literally just use oberlo when testing your store with ali products. You're just testing, so don't go too crazy with the store. I start most of my stores on Narrative free theme, and then we move to a custom theme if it becomes profitable. Small things that have increased conversion rate are delivery estimates on the product page and clearly visible acceptable payment methods.
Next step is the fun part (for me at least). Media buying time! This is my actual expertise so let's jump into it:

We usually start with FB/IG ads + Google search ads, then scale into native ads with Taboola, Google Shopping ads, and private affiliate networks.
Quick Facebook Ads Setup:

Top of Funnel (TOF)
Ran cold audiences, pur objective. Semi-wide, only narrowed by 1-2 interests but stacked. 2-5m audience size per ad set. 10 ad sets started at $50/day, each. Average daily spend is around $250 starting out as stop loss rules usually cut off 40-50% of the ad sets.
I use automated rules with Revealbot (you can do it natively with FB, I just like revealbot due to client management and the clean UI). I use a combination of CPA/ROAS based rules for stop loss and ROAS based for scaling budgets daily. (i'm in no way affiliated with RevealBot, just a customer)
Rules: https://imgur.com/a/pn23ej9


Middle of Funnel (MOF)
Super simple of campaigns, since it's a brand new store, no need to go crazy with segmentation.

For MOF, we just target: IG Engagement, FB Engagement, Website Visitors, Stacked, Past 30 Days.

EXCLUDE Past Purchasers - Last 30 Days

If the store scales even further, we would put more effort into building out the MOF, and begin segmenting by times, i.e. Past 7 Days, Past 14 Days, Past 30 days, in order to vary messaging and offers based on the time since they first interacted with the brand.

Bottom of Funnel (BOF)
Probably the easiest funnel to grab the breadcrumbs. Just use DPA (dynamic product ads) and target add-to-carts in past 14 days with a small incentive. Again, exclude past purchasers.

Google Ads
If you're not in the media buying space, I would suggest using Smart Campaigns, they work incredibly well. Just give Google 7-10 keyword themes, and they do the rest for you. Just monitor every day, update and blacklist keywords based on performance.

SCALING UP
Aside from the obvious method of increasing ad spend, you should be focusing on CONTENT, CONTENT, CONTENT, for scaling.

On social media, focus heavily on education content and continually reposting user's stories in your niche to your own. Don't use blackhat methods like jarvee, massplanner, or mass story viewers. This isn't 2015 anymore, that shit gets flagged faster than a mask ad on facebook rn. Keep it very educational. Keeping up with content is probably the hardest thing for most brands, I will be honest. I'm lucky to be running a digital marketing agency that takes care of all my stores at-cost.

On your site, focus heavily on blog posts and SEO keywords. We post TWO new blogs PER WEEK on most of my stores. Average blog copywriters will charge anywhere between $1.50-$5 per 100 words. Test a lot of writers until you find ones who you can rely on 

Easy recyclable blog posts include things like top 10 home cleaning gadgets. I just give the copywriters 9 other competitor products, they create a top 10 list with our flagship product as the #1 of course, and it's always the lowest price point and highest rated, etc. To scale things like that, you just hire freelance writers to get such lists in Forbes, Business Insider, etc. You guys should recognize those lists from now on, the #1 product is paying for that article 
While I'm not the most qualified to give advice, if could give any, it would be: don't overthink it. You don't need some nutty hidden strategy. There a few proven ad strategies ones, Shotgun/Surf, Manual Bid Bullying, etc. Use the big proven strategies, scale down to your budget. There's no reason to pay for any course. Maybe some people need a mentor, but personally, I don't really see it unless you're way out of your depth rolling in the 7 digits MRR club.
That's about it. No other magic sauce really. This isn't anything to write home to mom about compared to the big players in this group. If you have any questions, feel free to ask in the comments so everyone can benefit.
Disclaimer, I'm not coaching or selling a course, nor will I ever be. Also not looking for any clients. Just had time during this quarantine and hopefully helped someone 
